Feature/217 project icon (#241)
DigitalExcellence/dex-backend: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added descriptions for Project Highlights - [#219](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/219)

> - Added a fileuploader which gives the opportunity to upload project icons - [#217] (https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/217)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a fileuploader which gives the opportunity to upload files and icons- [#217](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/217)
```
